# Data availability
Source data are accessible freely online. Magnetospheric Multiscale (MMS) are available through the [MMS repository](https://lasp.colorado.edu/mms/sdc/public/). For the solar wind measurements, one can access the [OMNI high-resolution](https://omniweb.gsfc.nasa.gov/form/omni_min.html) repository.

Furthermore, to assist in the reproducibility process the datasets analyzed during the current study, along with instructions for generating each figure can be found in this repository.

**MMSdata.mat** contains the measurements of the MMS mission neccesary for generating the plots and results discussed in the article. The main format of the data is a TSeries (timeseries) object generated by the TSeries function of [irfu-matlab](https://github.com/irfu/irfu-matlab).

Below you will find a short description of each timeseries object that is contained in the .mat file. However, we recommend that any reproduction attempt should carefully read the [FPI user guide](https://lasp.colorado.edu/galaxy/display/MFDPG) for more details.

* *B1gse_mms1 - B1gse_mms4*: Magnetic field measurements of the FGM instrument for MMS1-4. Units: (nT).
* *Tipar1_mms1* : Parallel ion temperatures generated from the FPI instrument for MMS1.  Units: (eV).
* *Tiperp1_mms1* : Perpendicular ion temperatures generated from the FPI instrument for MMS1.  Units: (eV).
* *Tepar1_mms1* : Parallel electron temperatures generated from the FPI instrument for MMS1.  Units: (eV).
* *Teperp1_mms1* : Perpendicular electron temperatures generated from the FPI instrument for MMS1.  Units: (eV).
* *temptensor_mms1* :Temperature tensor for ions from the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (eV).
* *ni1_mms1 - ni1_mms4* : Ion number density from the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (eV).
* *vi1gse_mms1 - vi1gse_mms4* : Ion bulk flow velocity from the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (1/cm^3).
* *Eispectomni1_mms1 - Eispectomni1_mms4* : Omni-directional electron/ion energy spectrum from the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (keV/(cm^2 s sr keV)).
* *Ei1_mms1 - Ei1_mms4* :  Sky-map energy bin centers from the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (eV).
* *iPDist_mms1 : Sky-map instrument distribution for ions of the FPI instrument for MMS1.  Units: (s^3/cm^6)
* *SCpot_mms1* : Spacecraft Potential from te EDP instrument for MMS1. Units: (V)
* *dyn1_mms1* : Dynamic Pressure for ions calculated from the moments of the FPI instrument for MMS1. Units: (nPa)

Every measurement contains either a *_srvy/_fast* suffix or *_brst*. These are the different modes used by the MMS instruments with different time resolution and availability as explained by the maina article and in the review article: [Magnetospheric Multiscale Instrument Suite Operations and Data System
](https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11214-014-0128-5)

For more information about the generation of each figure with the usage of either the raw data or the pre-compiles versions above, please visit the README file of the figure subfolder of the main repository [jets-VDF](https://github.com/SavvasRaptis/Jets-VDFS) folder.
